Meeting Title: RWA + DeFi '26 Overview
Date: Jan 15
Meeting participants: Emperor, Qt, Hans, Jody Rebak, Wally, Niraj Pant, Junyi, Akilesh Potti, Arshan, Bperszyk, Wooglin, Kartik

Transcript:
 
Me: Tokenized assets exceed 35 billion. And I think before we get into sort of what we think are the reasons for that, again, it's not message here, but I think it's worth talking about how things have evolved. Since feedback summer in 2021. So I think a lot of. Us have sort of been through that. But for those that don't remember, In2021. Sort of started out with things like compound in AAVE and. Where the main experiment was sort of about. Bringing. Relates of experimentation is just really having. Assets collateralized with overcollaris Lending and. Really. It was more about, I'd say. Letting consumers borrow against their collateral. And there was definitely. A movement towards having being able to. Have. Riskier assets or more long tail assets. Enable. D. Things. Like Preem Finance sort of came out, and there are obviously other protocols that came out that sort of went that direction in stream. And as. Sort of. A lot of you. Know, there were a lot of. Events that caused risk, events that sort of caused the whole industry sort of above. In the sense that they first started to look into having risk controls integrated with these protocols. And. They started to curtail a lot of come up with ways to try to manage this type of risk. Things like Morphle and Euler that try to compartmentalize. Individual assets. And things like that. And it sort of coincides with what I think there's some parallel to. How Arwy's are sort of evolving. Early. Rdbas. Were if you sort of think. Of early rwas I. Think. It's mentioned later on, but. One of the earlier. Players was Maple Finance, if you guys remember, Basically. They wanted to do under collateral. Ized lending. For folks. And. Basically. They were. On the riskier side of. Things. There was definitely and was still definitely. Sort of a push to go towards that. But I think the industry just wasn't mature enough or there wasn't enough infrastructure. To really be able to do that properly, like the actual. Personal. The industry didn't really have the proper tooling to sort of. Price that risk. And there was not really something to sort of. There wasn't really enough analytics to sort of. Allow. Something. Like. Maple at that time. To scale. And properly. And. Mapl. E had a risk events. Where a bunch of players. A bunch. Of folks defaulted. And they promptly moved towards. A shift towards more. Asset backed. Collateral. Where it's no longer under collateralized. In some sense. Actually collateralized. And I think that's going to be a shift that I'll have a little bit more. But. Going back to this, the two main things that we think that sort of sparked this change is sort of. There are. Mac. Ro regulatory. Tailwinds. That sort of happen that. Really enable. That sort of spark the interest. And. Products that allow. People to. Gain better yield. Really? And. That really sort of. Got. Accelerated by institutional adoption. And. Now we're sort of. Entering this phase. Where I think we think we're entering this phase where now that there's institutional adoption, There's going to be opportunity for people to expand on that, provide more crypt. O native than AI primitives on top of it. Let me just go into all those points a little bit more. So the first point, which is macro regulatory talents. I'm sure everyone remembers when the Fed sort of normalize the risk free rate to roughly. 4%, 5%. Last year. And. That. Immediately. Created. For people that. Have some money in savings account. I think they most people remember. That. You're probably getting 1% or 2%, and your savings could count. If that. And there was now an easy way, a very lowest risk way, to get 4% to 5% yields by using Prizari. So by simply tokenizing those treasuries, people that had a lot. Of on chain assets to basically exposure to this yield in a relatively risk free way. On the macro side, that's one of the big things that. Happened that. One of the initial. Demands for RWAs, which was basically tokenized treasuries. And the other side is stuff that I don't know as much. But I'm sure folks on this call no more. But definitely. I'm sure we all felt. Like. And. On the regulatory side. There's definitely. More. Pro crypt. O initiatives that were happening this year than one of them is obviously private crypto. And it's genius act and I don't know about them. To really talk about them in depth. But amongst the reports that we saw, this was definitely one of the key events that we see driving institutional adoption. These two things. I think. One of. The biggest. Adopters on the institutional side was definitely blackrock. With their build upon. And you can see BlackRock and Auto Finance. BlackRock is just. You can just think of it as like, Anno Finance is sort of like. The. Provider that is tokenizing. You can think of it. As like back. Rock, issuing institutionalized assets. That you can think of. It. On those sort of. Tokenizing. Them in this case so that people on chain can actually get exposure to them. I think this event, single event, sort of really. Kick started the acceleration. Of. Rwas last year. And. I don't really care for this. But. One of the things that. A lot of folks feel is that. Rwas, at least when they initially. Were conceived were more focused on just bringing things on chain. There was not much focus. On making things composable. There was not much focus on assets that were originated on chain. So things like these mostly focused, as I said, off chain. Stuff like treasuries and real estate, that type of thing. And trying to just one for one, bringing it on chain. There's not a lot of effort to sort of. Really leverage the crypto data features that are available. But I think. That. Is really changing right now. Juni and I found a lot of really interesting use cases that I think are uniquely. Which. We'll go over later. So. I think one of the things that we. Find is. In. 2026. Is that. The. Stack for. Rwas. Is now. Really? Multichain. So it's clear that. Ether. Eum is now sort of tested as. Used trusted as institutional security and declutter. Ly sort of like king made by Blackrock choosing them. For settlements. But. You have other. L2s that sort of also help. The institutional adoption here. Through Network and Providence are sort of. Two of the examples that are highlighted, you can think of provenance. Of province and. Tomb. Are taking sort of opposite approaches to. Making. Rw. As. More. Crypto native. Provinces, so we're focusing on. Just how do I. Make the stuff. That's on Chain Legal, so they really don't really care about. KYC and compliance or built into their chain probably is more focused on just making sure they're complying from a legal standpoint. Plutoon is more focused on having sort of a standard RWA stack. So you can think of it as just a standard for all RWAs, rather than everyone co recruiting their own. And plume is more focused on bringing rwas into other. Department. S like ar. Wa specific borrow land platform. So they're sort of going at it different approaches. And. Amongst the things that we think that are interesting here. Or. That. Would actually. Potentially be interesting as art of waves evolve. There are some things that. Really? These things are really just a lot of it is just things that. Really things that Google Jim and I thought were potential things. But I think between Juni and I, we think that just in general, A lot of. The. Even. Today, a lot of. The. Hurdles that. Are built. Aren't. Really leveraging. A. I features. On chain, at least when we did sleep. Only really. A couple even mentioned that they have some sort of AI analytics built in. And most of it is off chain and not transparent. And. Bid. IO is the only other one that I saw that tried to do anything. AI related. That. Basically. They're an AI oracle. For pricing. Risks related. To rw assets. But frankly. They're more of a specialization of what obviously we can provide. And, yeah, most of the things that we saw were more focused on. Really? Just making. Things more compliant. And sort of. Having more interesting. Business use cases, which we'll go over in a little bit more detail. Later. And this is. What I was saying earlier. But. We think that. As. They become more complex. One of the problems. That we saw. Was that? For example. For example. One of the protocol. S called Zbo, which is basically. An. Arwa protocol that. Connects. Launch and liquidity and merchant cast prevents market. So. You can think of. Merchant cast, mass markets. As something like where? Think of it as you're a Ritual shop. That wants to borrow money. But rather. Than. Rep. Aying. On a. Time commitment. A portion of. Your. Actual sales. Goes to the. Repayment. So. That creates. A really interesting structure where you only pay. That you make money and. Sort of can argue. As juni put it. This. Type of structure is sort of. Like. Self. Paying. Almost like. In some sense similar to. Alchem. Y for those. That. Remember that protocol. So for things like this. One. Of the problems is. You have a lot of. Idle capital the moment. That your loans are. Fulfilled. You have. Potentially a lot. Of. Idle capital sitting in the protocol. So one of the things that we feel that could be interesting. Obviously is having AI sort of scale that process to originate more loans so that the capital is less likely to sit there in the Nile fashion. So rather than have someone manually just. Do a lot of the loan origination. You can have AI. To help scale that process. And automate a lot of the things that are currently done manually. So that's just one of the examples that we felt that clearly could leverage intelligence layer. Also felt that. It would be good to sort of go over some of the incumbents in the space. Maple, as I mentioned earlier, is one of the older players out there that started out with under collateralized loans, but now have really pivoted to sort of back secure lending. They've done fairly well this year. Last year. And clearpool. I don't think I need to. Clearpool is also another player. I think the main one that people haven't heard about is really easy Vote. Which I just mentioned, that is again, is going with this interesting trip model where part of your part reserve revenue stream is basically used to pay back your loan. The reason why this protocol in particular was highlighted is because it's one of the protocols that from a revenue to $tbl basis. Relative to the other automobile profiles out there. So one other metric that's not mentioned in these slides is that you also ran some numbers to see what type of profitability we were seeing, at least the profiles that we saw. Between 1 and 3% analyzed is sort of like. What we saw. Zivo is on the higher end. It's on the order of like 3 point something. People are 5, 3.6. So that's the reason why we chose it. To show it here, but it is also one of the newer ones, so it's a little less proven. It hasn't even been a year yet. But it's a million in revenue. On roughly. 6 million deposits, but also 95% of that of those deposits are generally used all the time. This is just a landscape map players. Here again, we're imagining Ritual as potentially sort of a layer that could live on top. And if you sort of go through, sort of subcategorize the three different categories, We have here Blackrock. I mentioned earlier blocker on the panan, though, so we've like, go hand in hand with treasuries. Private credit. You have Maple Finance, evo, Clear Pool and credit critics. And I think Juni is going to talk a little bit more about some examples here. Arcel Tether Gold. I don't think I need to go over Tether Gold much, but for Parcel. I wasn't too familiar with it, but Juny had already heard about it. Before, but basically you can think of it as just a way to really have easily hedge your real estate exposure. So you can imagine basically a protocol that allows you to. Captures real estate pricing feeds, it allows you to hedge based on that. So that's why technically that's more of a prediction market thing. But here you can Obviously it's related to our abilities in the sense that obviously there are a lot of real estate related rwas and this can be used to hedge part of that exposure. And I mentioned Plum and Powerhouse already. And, yeah, really. I think I'm going to hand it over to Junine to talk a little bit about the protocols that we wanted to highlight. Yep. Let me share my screen. So I think unlikely, we'll be able to cover a ton of protocols today. And I guess this specific category of RWAs so I guess around three. I guess they have constantly come up during our search across chains or the new fit this specific I guess you could call it someone new net, new protocol in that sense. And I guess folks here on this call can also put on their thinking hats about how Ritual can actually be utilized across these protocols. So I think one of the big ones that I guess I was kind of surprised by in terms of evl, this one is controversial. Not sure if I guess some of you have said on X, I guess a couple of months back. So this one was provenance. So provenance is a change that's been around for quite some time. It's just not been talked about much. It's actually the guys behind Figure Market X Sofi, folks. And if you go on to the website, you can see some of the numbers. You see, it's pretty incredible. I say incredible because it's really huge. So I think if you see the TDR, if they claim to have 20 blend and TVL, obviously something that Wally and I like to do is to cross on chain. If this is. Real. There's some controversy because Defi llama was never able to, I guess. Prove this number. Bigger market sky. They came out to say, like, oh, some of these things can't be proven on chain. Because a large part of it, 15 billion, I think it's basically home equity line of credits that have been tokenized on chain. So it's massive amounts of, I guess, line of credits that was traditionally. Not launching. But it's all been tokenized. And 600 million of the TVL is actually insurance. So what was interesting with this is. Figure markets is basically buying in a bunch of different RWAs. So line of credits for home equity insurance. And I think if I did just announced yesterday that they're going to allow or push forward. With allowing people to borrow and land. Using their tokenized stocks. So with this, I guess. Your traditional assets can be tokenized to borrow stuff. So if you go on. To this. They had this product called. Prime. So it's basically allowing people, lenders, obviously, collateral that's actually not just crypto, but also real assets in this case, like homes, houses. And the other big push by provenance is basically the insurance side of things. So I think 2,025, they only have, I think 100 million tokenized in the insurance. But right now they actually have $600 million in insurance paying tokenized on chain. This was one of the categories in a bunch of 2,026 outlook reports we read through. Basically allowing people to have automatic insurance payouts triggered by offkane events such as a hurricane like a huge natural fire. Various kinds of natural disasters could be also death of your relatives. Allowing. Auto payouts. And obviously the idea there is also for policy. Holders to at some point. Or rotates the policies on some of this markets that they create. So yeah. It's basically opening up this market where lenders can actually access high yields against all this RWAs. And then the second protocol, which I think Wally had mentioned, was civil. Yeah, you could think of it as a form of, I guess, synthetic credit derivatives as well. Where on chain folks want to land to real world small businesses and consumer loans. In that sense, how there is some form of leverage here because. One SIBO does is it actually crunches it into senior and junior tranches. So this kind of creates leverage for junior conscious. And, yeah, that's essentially how they push up some of their youth. You see here. Again, as Wally mentioned, it's pretty new. Give you a kind of tiny. But this one was something that we found on the final amount. This one is pretty simple and I guess the third one, which is really interesting as well, called Reddit co op. So the earlier ones. They collateralize your line of credits for your homes, your insurances. So what Credit Corp does is it's kind of interesting they actually allow this businesses to collateralize. Their future cash flow. So some businesses highlighted here reign super stable coin flow. I'm not sure if anyone else. I think some of us do follow. The. Crypto cuts. I guess some of you guys probably use it. So rain is one of the greatest, in fact, probably the biggest infra for some of this crypto cards, your likes of etherf I cards, it's all powered by rain. So in that sense, This business is like rain. They can actually come on here to collateralize their future edge flow, and then using that, it can borrow. Stablecoins from lenders like you. Like me? So if you click. Y. Ep. So you can see the kind of weights I think earlier. Last year was like, in the twenties. So I guess this is cool because you can extend this sort of ideas to someone wants to collateralize, I guess salary. And using that to borrow stable coins. And the way they do it is they work with these businesses. They get a kyc and then they also have them, I guess booth their future cash flow and then they deploy a bunch of smart contract spots egots and have this businesses stream this cash flow from month one, month two, month three into this smart contract which then discrepanc. That users land to. So, yeah, these were some of, I guess, more interesting protocols that we've seen in terms of how RWA has been brought on, I guess. Crypto markets that we have been used to familiar with. It's not just your traditional RBA money market. I guess some stuff. I don't think we have time to talk about. Maybe things like on chain. Prime brokerage. There is one by August. I think I have it open. Somewhere this. On chain. Prime brokerage that powers a bunch of stuff. I was like this protocol called upshift. I think this kind of opens up a bunch of potential where Ritual can actually be of help. Certain stuff like verification of off chain events, off chain data. For your insurance payouts. As Wally mentioned, using AI to match the kind of lenders to borrowers based on certain credit score something that's smarter. On. Time. I guess we will open the floor. Do any questions? In fact, if anyone has, I guess an interesting protocol is that they want to share as well. That's kind of similar. You guys can share. Okay? Thank you. Guys. Only got two days. You got some pretty solid job. I want to start off by asking about I thought the comparison to Alchemix from Moss cycle is pretty interesting on the zero side. I think. A lot of people know how I feel about. This. But I personally think the sultry paying. Dad. Just makes a ton of sense structurally. Is zero kind of like the only place you guys saw that? Or was that primitive? Kind of in a buffer credit market? actually juni the one that jane just Conceptually similar in the sense that the spigot mechanism that he was mentioning, Junior, you could talk about it also. But the whole idea is that rather than paying, rather than having an obligation to pay immediately or based on some time frame, It's based on actual your streaming revenue. For example, if you were a business and I guess, I don't know, he sold ice cream cone or something. And a fraction of your sales would go into repaying the actual loan. So obviously, if you didn't make any money, You would not be paying the loan back. Right. So in that sense, You only pay back the loan if you're making money. So that mechanism is also being used by credit Co op, which obviously is a much larger protocol. Than zivo. I think zvo is focusing on consumer marketing. I think. Credit co op is focusing on a different sector. Which I believe has. Like, I think. Juni, you mentioned that they do real estate, too, right? Yeah. So Credit Corp. I guess one of the biggest main here is the power I think of this crypto cards out there. The biggest example is obviously I as genuine explaining to me earlier was like Rain sort of powers ether 5 which a lot of I'm sure a lot of you have heard about. Sorry any I didn't need to put it. No, I wasn't saying anything. Oh, yeah. You explained it better than I could. Than I could, probably. But the idea is, obviously aetherfi makes money, know the transaction fees and all that. And you can certainly imagine a business like Rain where they are acting as a service provider. And for folks that use something like Etherpy, right there is the ability to make loan that's to serve money. To pay for your so rather than paying direct your stablecoin, whatever. And Reyna, sort of service provider, obviously can make money off of that, right? So you can imagine that income stream going into being paid. A part of that because being paid out year reign to whoever is spending the money. So I guess for my. Recollection of the Aknik side. I think it was slightly different. Right. I think the core idea was that. Was it like four and a half years ago, that maybe five years at this point? You could deposit. Yeah, I guess you're drawing that parallel here would be. What you guys are saying, but I think there's a separate idea here, right, in terms of my point. 90 times assets that I just want to carry, then use that positive period to pay down whatever you borrow against that income. That is the core idea about the so, yeah, we're just. Drawing the parallel in the sense that. It can be self repaying in some form. Yeah, it's up with me. Got it. Because where I was going with that. Is. I thought that. Personal stuff that you guys. Mentioned. Kind of interested. Too. When. You think about? The fiscal market. Like that. Turns the red. Psychiatric spike. A lot of people ask me or. Incentivize do you want? To hedge. And when you think about. Sourcing. The locate for that. Edge. You were. Going with it. Maybe the sourcing of. The locate. The interest. Rate you pay. The interest. Rate you pay for. Locates. The short. Qb financ. E. But, like, positive. Carry collater. Al. So it's kind of like a. Dude, right? You can effectively maybe. Up here between. The. Positive, carrying the platform. Gets up. The asset that you're marketing in. First. What you have to pay on the short. Side. Yeah. I don't know. Enough about. Whether. Something like. Parcel. Actually has. Potentially get what you're saying. You're basically saying, if there is some sort of mega, then I have positive charity. Asset. That. Would pay off the actual. Fees required to hold. The short position. Right. I don't know. Yeah. I think. We have to look into. The exact mechan. Ism. Or something like. Sort of. Economic. S. Of something like. Parcel. I wasn't. Too familiar with it, but. I think. It's been there. While, actually. Chimney. Says. I think. Juni, you. Said you saw it a while ago. There's a lot of. Things. It's been. Around since2020. Three. Yeah. So I think. The core thing I'm. Trying to get is that. You. Need to look at every single perk decks and if you look at. Like joy on. Marcos. Actually, there you can look at the way. That fundraiser. Is actually done. I think. Most hyper. Most. Perpet. Rates on. Non. Staple. Soldier for the most part. Is they don't want to. Pay the credit game. They don't want to really hurt their. Game they don't want to. Actually rewrite Mult. Ilateral. Type things. But if. You were to do that. Maybe. You just. Mentioned the shorts. Market's. Always usually going up one way. We can do coins. Well. I guess these days. It's different. But yeah. Have my coins. It'd be. Kind of interesting to have. Grip decks where there is. No notion. Like. The value of. The. Positive charity of the Collater. Al. Kind of. Indicates the funny gr. Ade at all. Because whether it's for. Your longer shirt and you're putting up some model, right? So somehow. One of the worst things about Perks is we all knows that. You don't. Want to really convince. Fundraise volatile. It's kind of annoying. It could be. Decay against your collateral, so you have liquidated. But one of the interesting. Things about this is you have self repaying for positive curiosity. Lateral. The market is going to be distorted. Because now if you margin one asset versus the other, I guess. I know how it works. But I think there's something there. Right. I think. In this case, the underlying is related to the per right. And you're saying it's similar to Akomix in that sense? That the underlying is a positive carry some sort of rwas positivity. And then obviously the perm is has a funding rate. And you're saying that the underlying payout that the positive character underlying what they have to prep. Right? That's the idea. Because at the end of the day, it's just a spot plus a bar LED platform. Right. Like, pretty much most people know this. So if you're just superposing both of those together, I'm just saying, instead of taking canonical spot decks and tacking on stables only like funding rate type shit. If you kind of interested me. Like perk X plus alchemix type mechanic for kind of salt repaying to the bread. There's a funding rate. It's just an interest rate. You can kind of think of that money, right? And at that point, the whole thing gets back to that construct. Right. Which does make sense. Do you think people would want that sort of b. I'm just trying to think about this. A lot of people seem to complain about one, they don't want to pay the funding. Two, they don't want to predict funds. Right. 3. They don't like what the funding pays against their collateral in a way that's volatile, because then, obviously, now the higher kids slip in. So I'm just trying to work backwards. For those three annoyances and go like, all right. Could we add to have an autonomous payback by proxy, like the collaborative? Right. But my addition is that most people get volcanic. Sure, some people do the perfect game to actually generate coin. Actually, that is exactly the use case. And then if they have the spot, And the spot is generating as part of the carrier, then the position is free. Exactly. Sort of. Okay, that is the use case. But otherwise, most people just do purchase. Equally general they don't want to carry, okay? But it could be useful for people that want to do more complex on chain strategies. Yeah. Exactly. The only. Other question I had is, you guys try to use Zebo or any of these. Well, Juni might have. I have it. No, it was kind of annoying. Because not all this protocols require some form of kyc. I guess it's because it's rw. That's definitely one of the things that we're saying as part of the statistization. A lot of these are basically. The two chains? I mentioned both. Providence. What was the other one? Mahando. But one of the other. Yeah. Basically are just like building in KYC at the chain. I think if you think about it. One thought is like, what would we want to do that? And obviously answer is probably not what. You want to be in the business of originating assets, but yeah. Again. What they're missing is this intelligence layer stuff. Where do you think they intelligent could be helpful? Because I guess there's this point of. It can be better. Curating and searching and matching. I know there's this notion of, like, okay, you can go balls and wall line. Better modeling. Like that aspect. There's, like, this gigantic type of maybe separate third bucket, but what do you guys think? I can get my viewers and you can get your review, But I think my personal inclination is the two aspects that. I would be interested is first of all, there's the whole private, you can put stuff that I know we're cooking because of enabling that I think that's going to be, obviously, privacy is going to be putting private stuff on chain is going to be very. Important. Regulatory wise. Right now, everything is just public, right? I assume that. Might cause issues. So I think that having the capability to have stuff that's actually encrypted is going to be beta block. The other thing is, for me is about stuff I mentioned just from it's all cool and cool and stuff to have AI agents and stuff. But really. If we can truly say that, okay, These protocols, as I can see for this example that I mentioned earlier, is, like, are being bottlenecked. Because clear that I think one of the things they're saying is people are trying to be more. They're trying to make their assets but TBL more productive. Right? So that's like whole thing, Right? That's the whole reason why people want to be looking multiple and all that. But at the end of the day within rwa. You can't do much if you just don't have enough loads. Right. And I think that in itself, the bottleneck is like not being able to automate quick enough. Then obviously, we could be. I know we're an AI chain, but a lot of our printers really just make it so that things can. Be automated. Right. You don't have to worry about beepers and stuff. You don't have to worry about. Obviously, Beta is all verified. And all the analytics can be on chain. You can leverage models that I'm sure these people are already doing. XTV stuff to do credit checks and all that stuff. Actually, some of the partners that we talked about, remember we're doing some of this type of stuff. So I think from my point of view, those are the things that are most directly applicable. Okay? Co. Ol? I'll. Stop asking. Questions. Do you want to for accept things that they wanted to ask about? Even. Anything high level. Or. One of the products that these guys mentioned. Is. There any comment on the format? Was it too high level? Do you guys want it more about the protocols? You want a more high level? Personally, I thought it was good. Wally, it was a primer. Admittedly, I haven't kept up with the latest in defi. So kind of setting the table to jog my memory of where we came from and sort of coming to the Protocols today was good for me. Now, I'll take this back and. Work with it. Yeah. Wally. I think, including. Myself. I think a lot of people. Ritual stuff. A tiny bit away. Obviously. From. The last cycle of. Keeping track of r. Wa defense. I think it was good to do. Kind of. Braindom on the current. State of things. We should. Obviously follow up meeting. Maybe talk. Specific Ritual. Prototypes. Or people. Can launch the. AIC on these live or Arsh, Hunter, Wally or other folks too. I think. That'd be kind of fun too, to make it interactive and try to make it very clear on how you try to build these overnight type ship. I'm also in chat separately via. I think your last point that you just brought up in terms of. Sure, Renee, I want. But there's a lot of other value that they can take. Kind of overlays, provide some of these folks, and maybe there's like a very clear set of B2, B C type things just by reaching them, getting connected. To the up and coming zebros of the world. I don't think private credit is going anywhere. I think. It's rhode is. Land. For quite. A bit. By quite a bit. I mean. I think it really glo. Wed. In 2020, mid-2021. Also started selling and shoving private credit, dumping straights. Kind of. Well, allocation side. But yeah. Until we actually start to see more of a bubble there. And it is a bubble. Right. I'll say that I'm recording out of not saying that. I'm not talking about any of the things we mentioned today, but if people took the broader private credit space. If you look at how much a new animal they eat, Gollums and Corner Nuts in the world, those credit funds are soaked up. It's like 50x or the last six years. Some of you might have seen, like, random people reaching out to this thing that we can offer you. Bridge financing. That's your percent interest rate depending on where they were going to pay us to save money. It just doesn't even make any fucking sense. The last set of things that you want to see is. Yeah. I don't know. Oxygen is really incentivized to talk about it, but there is something weirdly weird looming. In the kind of private credit space. Has been for a while. That's still 15%. If you can get your kind of get your dollar in. The door. And it's an access key, right? Most of this is access game. In terms of higher quality credit. So it's going to be very interesting to see how to democratize that a tiny bit. For example, If. People on this call could do like. $1,000 into, like, oh, you should do it. Except golf does not want your thousand dollars. Money, they're over scratch. They've been oversubscribed for a while. In terms of what they're doing. And people don't want to hear tender lockups, right? Yeah. I think. It's a very interesting, rich space has nothing to do with hyper financializing everything has nothing to do with a lot of interesting things. It's a little bit boring. Wally, if you want to maybe do a separate discussion on the parcels of the world. Right. Because there's something very unique about that. I guess it's one of these markets where it's very clear that an LLM could add value to the multi modality stuff. When you're thinking about scaling real estate at large. Right? I know all the existing real estate platforms. Suck in terms of their meta analytics or kind of like curate. Because it's just using legacy models that just don't make any sense. Of course, we have to work backwards what these companies are struggling with. So that's. Another Ritual type thing. Launch back to you. But ideally I just want to have a tranche of companies like this where just kind of chatting with it every few days to try to ideate easy pain points that the virtual platform can just plug into. Even if none of it has to do with smart contracts I don't really care about that because we have network calls from the ability to orchestrate CommonWeb 2 Subject Platform. I think there's a lot of upsides. Aside from begging other users to use their latest perks or prediction market or something, which. Competitive design space, to say least. Okay? Very good. Thanks, everyone. Thanks. For me and Wally. I know it's like 2aM for you guys. Appreciate you guys. See you guys. 